Destruction of the furnace and now he is right here
Follow
I wonder if say I shin shin crew shim
Meeting of maker called
xpd asa
of
It is good to go to docomo so distribution
I would like Yes Tsu the case of the meeting opening
Well then
I want to transfer the exterior
Well if you look at it well with 2 chan Nema this case is well
It is quite introduced that you can charge with the case attached
Maybe ne
whatever
In in artillery Ru month Re super thin
Ah ah ah ah
First
Just a big deal
There is no
right
Is
Do not get
Yes, I better be you would like to copy only be work revenge
Also is it Well thin toe
What can be done and films that are banned
Horse feeling like this
Ne is written
In the direction behind this sound
There the way and there is no seat
Cormorants and preventive and protective film
Well there is a factory cat threat
There is no protective film hood Yes
Hey I am here I
It will be a face fleet
Really entered
It is thin
I want to attach to the body a place
Here it now looks explorer ace I use
I will try again
Softening Ya
It looks like this when you put it on
It says 6 properly now xperia
I can see the letters
It is easy to push button of
Screw and of that body is a little know me
Top and bottom are
I'm starting to take off , so when I put it in my pocket
In a state in which things hard in the pocket is on those hard in the pocket
Well it is about to put this true in your pocket
There is a worry that the kana not you or I or damaged portions of the above, but this time
I tried to buy here.
It is easy to hold and for the sea we saw
No one goes out
Even though I think it's a good case, I think it 's too salty I think too much.
but
After all Disconnect to
Well, maybe it's maybe correspondence
Just when putting on this child's thing
It will be a little anxious but a little anxious
Oh dear
In the case of falling etc, it doesn't make much sense though
Mars should be women made things Eee
It seems to be suitable from people
Consideration 8 this time is right here
I don't know how to read because I don't know the mechanism
I guess say simple use Utte
In the case of
It was Ama
Then thank you for watching still
By phone
Chinami Maker Ne- I'm kind of simple
It is a leisurely month also Teimura Iwatachi
I will go home in love
after
I wonder if I can support you without this
It is difficult to hit the grid for a while
Will stand still
think